build: update required python version to 3.8 (#54358)
nodejs/node: BUILDING.md

### Prerequisites

> * Python support: the Node.js project supports Python >= 3.8 for building and testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [A supported version of Python][Python versions] for building and testing.
```

* [Git for Windows](https://chocolatey.org/packages/git) with the `git` and
  Unix tools added to the `PATH`

> * [A supported version of Python][Python versions]

Reviewer: Let's revert because the supported Python versions are stated above and the current comment recommends where to install Python from.
```suggestion
* [Python 3.x](https://chocolatey.org/packages/python)
```
